Concerning Ethical Concerns of AI sending pings after Accidents

The basic concept of this idea is plain and simple: the car gets hit or hits something/someone, then sends a distress ping to 911 with the location of the accident. Plain and simple

Now, potential ethical problems would be if the driver has a history of getting into accidents, the AI might send a distress ping before even going anywhere. Or, if there has been a lot of
accidents in a particular location (not necessarily done by the driver), the AI could deviate course away from that location, prohibiting entrance into where you would need to go.
Along with this, if the driver was, say, driving illegally, or attending somewhere they shouldn't have been, whether illegal or not, they aren't going to want the AI sending a ping to 911, because
they don't want to get into trouble, or just simply don't want those on the other side of 911 tracking their location and whereabouts. So, how can all of this be addressed?

The target market with this idea would be all drivers. Everyone would have this in their car. However, the drivers would have the option to turn this AI ping off if they wanted to, and it would be
a simple button/switch in the car that they could press/flip. That way, if you wanted to drive around with that backup system, you could. If you didn't want it, then you didn't have to have it.
Though, if it wasn't turned on when the accident happened and you turned it on afterwards, it wouldn't pick up that you were in an accident, because it was turned off. 
This system would only activate upon impact with a perceived crash/accident, whether the car was stationary or moving. 
It wouldn't give information about the impacted, other than the information that was already "programmed" into the system. It would run similarly to a streaming platform, where you can create 
a "new driver", and then put in as much personal information as you are alright with entering, such as, what is your name, how old are you, what is the make, model, and color of the car that you drive.
